=head1 NAME

clivepass - the login password utility for clive

=head1 SYNOPSIS

clivepass [option]...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

clivepass is a replacement for stored plain-text website login passwords used
with L<clive(1)>. It keeps website login passwords encrypted in a repository
file that can be accessed with a global passphrase. Typically these login
passwords are passed in plain-text form to L<clive(1)> on command line or
from a config file.

Note that even though the passwords are encrypted on disk, they are passed
in plain-text over the network. This means the passwords are still visible to
anyone intercepting the network traffic.

Historically, a similar utility existed as part of clive 1.0 but was removed
in clive 2.0 and later rewritten in Perl as part of the B<clive-utils> project
which is a set of additional utilities for L<clive(1)>.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h --help>

Show help and exit.

=item B<-v --version>

Show version and exit.

=item B<-c --create>

Create a new passwd file. See also L</FILES>.

=item B<-a --add=>I<username>

Add a new login for I<username>.

=item B<-e --edit=>I<username>

Change login password for I<username>.

=item B<-g --get=>I<username>

Dump I<username> decrypted login password to stdout.

=item B<-s --show>

Dump all saved login usernames to stdout.

=item B<-d --delete=>I<username>

Delete I<username> from passwd file.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item Create new password repository file:

% clivepass -c

=item Add "myusername" to the repository:

% clivepass -a myusername

Note that "myusername" should be the login username for the website.

=item Get login password for "myusername":

% clivepass -g myusername

There is a more comprehensive example of L<clive(1)> using L<clivepass(1)>
in the L<clive(1)> manual page.

=back

=head1 FILES

clivepass searches the ~/.config/clive-utils directory for the config file.
You can override this by setting the B<CLIVEPASS_HOME> environment variable.

=over 4

=item ~/.config/clive-utils/passwd

Password file. Contains the salted passphrase hash and login usernames and
encrypted passwords.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<clive(1)> L<clivescan(1)> L<clivefeed(1)>

=head1 OTHER

Project page:
  <http://googlecode.com/p/clive-utils/>

Development repository can be cloned with:
  % git clone git://repo.or.cz/clive-utils.git

For release announcements, subscribe to the project at:
  <http://freshmeat.net/projects/clive-utils/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Toni Gundogdu <legatvs@gmail.com>

=cut
