=head1 NAME

clivefeed - the feed parsing utility for clive

=head1 SYNOPSIS

clivefeed [option]... [URL]...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

clivefeed is an utility that parses RSS feeds containing video page links and
uses L<clive(1)> (or <cclive(1)>) to extract them.

Historically, the feed parsing feature was written in Python/Newt and
was part of L<clive(1)>. This feature was originally removed in clive 2.0
and later rewritten in Perl/Tk as part of the B<clive-utils> project which
is a set of additional utilities for L<clive(1)>.

=head1 OPTION SYNTAX

You may freely mix different option styles, or specify options after the
command-line arguments. For example:
  % clivefeed -c /usr/local/bin/clive --opts=mp4 URL -a

You may also put several options together that do not require arguments.
For example:
  % clivefeed -aXc /usr/local/bin/clive URL

Which is equivalent to:
  % clivefeed -a -X -c /usr/local/bin/clive URL

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h --help>

Show help and exit.

=item B<-v --version>

Show version and exit.

=item B<-c --clive=>I<path>

I<path> to L<clive(1)> command. If unspecified, clivefeed will attempt to
locate it in the $PATH. Additionally, the B<CLIVE_PATH> environment variable
can be used.

=item B<-o --opts=>I<opts>

I<opts> to append to clive call. See L<clive(1)> for more on the available
options.

=item B<-a --all>

Grab all videos without prompting the GUI. Note that users without X can use
this option to workaround the X requirement.

=item B<-p, --paste>

Paste URL input data from clipboard.

=back

B<HTTP Options>

=over 4

=item B<-U --agent=>I<string>

Identify as I<string> to the HTTP server. Defaults to "Mozilla/5.0".

=item B<-y --proxy=>I<address>

Use I<address> for HTTP proxy, e.g. http://foo:1234. If http_proxy
environment variable is defined, it will be used.

=item B<-X --no-proxy>

Do not use the defined HTTP proxy (B<--proxy>, config or http_proxy).

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item Typical use:

% clivefeed "http://youtube.com/rss/user/communitychannel/videos.rss"

=item Multiple feed URLs:

% cat E<gt>E<gt> url.lst
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/googletechtalks/videos.rss
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/theonion/videos.rss
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/lisanova/videos.rss
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/clipcritics/videos.rss
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/communitychannel/videos.rss
  http://youtube.com/rss/user/manintheboxshow/videos.rss

% cat url.lst | clivefeed

=item Set path to L<clive(1)> with video extraction options:

% clivefeed --clive=/usr/local/bin/clive --opts="-f mp4" URL

=item Grab all found videos without prompting:

% clivefeed --all URL

Note that users without X can also use this.

=back

=head1 FILES

clivefeed searches the ~/.config/clive-utils directory for the config file.
You can override this by setting the B<CLIVEFEED_HOME> environment variable.

=over 4

=item ~/.config/clive-utils/config

Configuration file.

=item ~/.config/clive-utils/feed.prefs

GUI preferences (e.g. fonts, window position, sash coords, ...).

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<clive(1)> L<clivescan(1)> L<clivepass(1)>

=head1 OTHER

Project page:
  <http://googlecode.com/p/clive-utils/>

Development repository can be cloned with:
  % git clone git://repo.or.cz/clive-utils.git

For release announcements, subscribe to the project at:
  <http://freshmeat.net/projects/clive-utils/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Toni Gundogdu <legatvs@gmail.com>

=cut
